[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Hi there.
I'm Kayce, and here's what's
new in DevTools in Chrome 61.
The new Mobile Device
Throttling menu
lets you simulate a low-end
or mid-tier mobile device
with a couple of clicks.
Press Toggle Device Toolbar
to enter device mode.
The Mobile Device
Throttling menu
is set to Online
by default. Click
it to see the mobile
device options.
Select low-end
mobile, and you see
warning icons pop up next to the
Network and Performance tabs.
These are here to remind you
that you've got network and CPU
throttling enabled.
Now when you interact
with your pages,
you can get a better idea
of how they load and respond
on a low-end device.
To see exactly how DevTools
defines a low-end device,
hover over the menu or go
to the Performance panel
and open the Capture
Settings menu.
The Throttling menu
is just a shortcut
for setting the network
and CPU options here.
You can see that
they automatically
update when I set the
Throttling menu back to Online.
The new usage chart on
the Clear Storage pane
breaks down how much
storage your page
is using, organized
by technology.
Another new feature in
the application panel
is the Time Cached
column, which tells you
when a response was cached.
Also new, you can now
enable the FPS meter
from the Command menu.
Press Command-Shift-P on
Mac, or Control-Shift-P
on Windows and Linux to
open the Command menu.
Type FPS, then select Show
Frames Per Second Meter.
In the top right
of your viewport,
there's now an overlay
that shows your page's FPS
performance in real time.
If you work with a lot of
performance recordings,
there's now a setting to
change how your mouse wheel
or trackpad behaves while
you're analyzing a recording.
Here I've got a
recording of a page load.
By default, when I
swipe up and down
with two fingers
on this section,
DevTools zooms in and out.
But if I open up Settings and
set Flame Chart Mouse Wheel
Action to Scroll,
now that action
scrolls the section instead.
ES6 modules are shipping
natively in Chrome 61,
and debugging in DevTools
works as you'd expect it to.
Right now we're paused on this
On function in bootstrap.js.
It says here that we're
importing the function
from helpers.js.
When I step into
this function, it
should jump us to its
definition in helpers.js.
Neat.
That's all for Chrome 61.
Thanks for watching.
Tweet us at ChromeDevTools, or
start a thread in the mailing
list to discuss these changes,
and subscribe to the Chrome
Developers YouTube channel to
keep up on the latest ideas.
I'll see you in six
weeks for Chrome 62.
[MUSIC PLAYING]